CASSANDRA-17317: January 2022 blog "Tightening Security for Apache Cassandra Part: 1" (#94)
apache/cassandra-website: site-content/source/modules/ROOT/pages/blog.adoc

- Replace post tile, date, description and link to you post.
////

//start card
[openblock,card shadow relative test]
----
[openblock,card-header]
------
[discrete]
=== Tightening Security for Apache Cassandra: Part 1
[discrete]
==== January 31, 2022
------
[openblock,card-content]
------

> The growth in ecommerce has demanded a greater focus on data security, Maulin Vasavada begins a mini-series on how to use Apache Cassandra 4.0+ to customizing SSL/TLS configurations to tighten security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The growth in ecommerce has demanded a greater focus on data security, Maulin Vasavada begins a mini-series on how to customize SSL/TLS configurations to tighten security in Cassandra 4.0+.
```
